= factory_scenarios/mail_preview

Login as users defined in your FactoryGirl factories.

Preview email while logged in as users defined in your FactoryGirl factories.

== Installation

* Add the gem to your gemfile
  group :development do
    gem 'factory_scenarios'
  end
* Run bundle install

== Configuration

* FactoryScenarios is a mountable engine. Add a line like this to your routes.rb file:
  if Rails.env.to_s != 'production'
    mount FactoryScenarios::Engine, :at => '/factory_scenarios'
  end

* Currently there are two configuration settings
  - iframe_width: sets the width of the iframe that your site will appear in, defaults to 1000px
  - user_class: your users class, defaults to User
* <b> Important Note </b>
  - You need to have active_reload installed in your application to utilize this gem successfully.  The consequences of not
    having this gem install will be errors when trying to login using your factories.

== Example Configuration

  Create an initializer file called app/config/initializers/factory_scenarios.rb, add the following:
    if Rails.env.to_s != 'production'
      FactoryScenarios.config.user_class = 'Spree::User'
      FactoryScenarios.config.iframe_width = '1400px'
    end

  Specify your mail previews in a file "config/mail_preview.rb"

  ```ruby
  FactoryScenarios::Mail.registrations do
    register "Org Membership Invitation (no login)" do
      mailer MembershipMailer
      message :approval_message
      message_args { Factory.create(:membership) }
    end

    register "Org Membership Invitation (correct login)" do
      mailer MembershipMailer
      message :approval_message
      message_args { Factory.create(:membership) }

      # Arguments to login_as block are the return value of the message_args block.
      login_as { |membership| membership.user }
    end

    register "Org Membership Invitation (wrong login)" do
      mailer MembershipMailer
      message :approval_message
      message_args { Factory.create(:membership) }
      login_as { Factory.create :user }
    end

    register "User registration" do
      mailer Devise::Mailer
      message :confirmation_instructions
      message_args { Factory.create(:unconfirmed_user) }
    end

    register "Reset password instructions" do
      mailer Devise::Mailer
      message :reset_password_instructions
      message_args { Factory.create(:recoverable_user) }
    end
  end

  ```

== Todo
* Remove hard coded reference to BaseHelper, add as configuration option.

== Contributing to factory_scenarios
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Contributors

  Original gem written by Collin Miller. Updated for Rails 3.1 by David Guthu.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Collin Miller. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

